fix(sdk/dataflow): deprecate cluster and use env and platform_instance instead (#8201)
datahub-project/datahub: docs/how/updating-datahub.md

### Breaking Changes

> - #8201: In Dataflow, cluster argument is deprecated. Please use env.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #8201: Python SDK: In the DataFlow class, the `cluster` argument is deprecated in favor of `env`.
```
